It moved. Mommy's finger moved.
I see it.
Cub, can you hear us?
But I couldn't open my eyes.
If so, move your finger again
Daddy and Mommy can hear a lot
Light birthday candles
Sing a birthday song to your mommy
The more mood swings he gets
The more likely you are to wake up
Mommy, get up and blow out the candles
Cancan
Wake up
I said mommy is lucky and has her own heaven
Doudou
The cat worries you.
My brother is also very worried.
Boy, how are you feeling?
I'm all right.
What was the specific situation of the car accident that day?
That car doesn't look like it suddenly lost control
Like someone did it on purpose
Those who hurt you
I will definitely investigate it.
Mommy, make a wish
Thank you God for giving me such a cute baby.
Hope we
I hope our family of three will be happy forever.
What wish did you just make?
I won't tell you, I know if you don't tell me
Because we are on the same page
Zhenting
How long are you going to be seduced by this woman?
Mom
What would you do?
You are Gu Zhenting
You've been lying to me.